make models page in setup guide more prominent and rearrange (#348)
OCR-D/ocrd-website: site/en/models.md

ocrd-tesserocr-recognize -P model mymodel
```

### Models and Docker

If you are using OCR-D with Docker, we recommend keeping all downloaded resources in a persistent host directory,

> separate of the `ocrd/*` Docker container and data directory, and mounting that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
separate of the OCR-D Docker container(s) and data directory, and mounting that
```

Once we switch to `ghcr.io` the prefix will be `OCR-D` not `ocrd`. Best to not be too specific.

resource directory into a specific path in the container alongside the data directory.
The host resource directory can be empty initially. Each time you run the Docker container,
your processors will access the host directory to resolve resources, and you can download
additional models into that location using `ocrd resmgr`.

The following will assume (without loss of generality) that your host-side data
path is under `./data`, and the host-side resource path is under `./models`:

> To download models to `./models` in the host FS and `/usr/local/share/ocrd-resources` in Docker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download models to `./models` in the host FS and `/usr/local/share/ocrd-resources` in the container FS:
```

```sh
docker run --user $(id -u) \
  --volume $PWD/models:/usr/local/share/ocrd-resources \
ocrd/all \
ocrd resmgr download ocrd-tesserocr-recognize eng.traineddata\; \
ocrd resmgr download ocrd-calamari-recognize default\; \
...
```

To run processors, as usual do:

```sh
docker run --user $(id -u) --workdir /data \
  --volume $PWD/data:/data \

>   --volume $PWD/models:/usr/local/share/ocrd-resources \

Reviewer: Is that still correct for `ocrd-tesserocr-*`?

```
docker run --rm -it ocrd/all:latest ocrd-tesserocr-recognize -D
/usr/local/share/tessdata/
```

Reviewer: OK, then let's merge this first and track the ocrd_tesserocr question in an issue.

Reviewer 2: *sigh* this question keeps being asked...

https://github.com/OCR-D/ocrd_all/blob/b36cec819c67ccbdbed8033007ea27596e02f972/Makefile#L724
https://github.com/OCR-D/ocrd_all/blob/b36cec819c67ccbdbed8033007ea27596e02f972/Makefile#L756
https://github.com/OCR-D/ocrd_all/blob/b36cec819c67ccbdbed8033007ea27596e02f972/Dockerfile#L32-L33

so – no, /usr/local/share/ocrd-resources will be ignored in ocrd_tesserocr when installed via ocrd_all, the module resource location is /usr/local/share/tessdata, as @kba wrote.

Reviewer 2: So we do still have a problem with our model volume logic here. Modules like ocrd_tesserocr or workflow-configuration (`ocrd-page-transform` ...) want to have their stuff under /usr/local/share/XYZ, while others use /usr/local/share/ocrd-resources.

Everything is ok for the preinstalled resources (tool json files for bashlib processors, preset files for ocrd-page-transform, minimal models for Tesseract). But as soon as you want to install **additional** models **persistently**, we cannot offer anything ATM.

(So this is not just about the right kind of recipe covering the volume mapping, but accomodating a single `module` location inside the Docker image – because it is prebuilt – with persistent updates we usually do via `data` location...)
